if April can't a few weeks ago I took a
helicopter flight around Los Angeles to
see how things are looking at it people
are mostly staying home and a lot of
people in the comment section suggest if
we do it again
though we're about to do that and just
like last time I'm not gonna make a
bunch of edits we're just basically
gonna just show what happens is I'm
flying around and I'm going to address a
few questions that popped up for the
first video my beast our helicopter
diner 2a5 rusty aviation request south
cherry departure with Delta other day
nine three five let me start off
straight through the foot cross beach on
earth now hurry approved approach with
my risk index we five let's get moving
and we're taking off you can see the
four or five there right now it's almost
six o'clock on a Friday
typically Friday traffic is is awful
actually the four or five there we're
gonna get back to the cooler 500 there's
only three zero Julia so normally on a
Friday traffic on the freeways would be
truly truly awful and it is not awful
one one thing I notice is in the last
video i short-shifted Long Beach it's my
hometown and so we're gonna do a little
bit of a tour through Long Beach oh gee
flatty oh cool now let's see what Long
Beach looks like actually this is one of
the first things that I've noticed is
that there's a lot more traffic on
surface streets than there are on the
freeways which is kind of the exact
opposite of how Los Angeles normally
works Signal Hill off to my left
Wow
sorry my WoW is in reference to the
visibility that we just had a bunch of
rain the last few days there's been a
ton of rain in Los Angeles and that
really clears things out so if I look
out to my left there I can see all the
way down to Disneyland it's not normal
looking up the nose can you can see
there are a lot of ships out there just
going to breakwater and over here you
get a cruise ship and for cruise ships
and then more more ships there's a lot
of ships out there here's 52 all right
it's like the beaches in Long Beach are
pretty well abandoned let's see one dude
fishing or something out there and a
couple of people on the bike path -
pretty darn quiet this to appease my
curiosity let's go over here and check
out the Queen Mary
Britany abandoned who's kind of cooled
out
hope you shower helicopter got a quick
flight of Queen Mary requested or
transition following his death that no
cup in there two eight five long story
is pretty long we took $32 another for
tradition approve matter to five and
here's a quick look of downtown West and
uh downtown Long Beach a little light
traffic downtown foodie darn quiet
though
by the way in the comment in the last
video somebody asked why do I always say
five or the 405 so in California and I
know definitely in LA
that's just how we refer to it and my
understanding is that that all
originates from when the freeways have
name so the Harbor Freeway or the Santa
Monica freeway
it was the Blanc freeway so that that
continues even now there is your fun
fact all right so a little bit of
traffic on the 710 but certainly not
gridlock I thought I've sat motionless
on the 710 many times on a Friday so we
do have a little bit of weather today
and for people who are wondering this is
not the kind of weather that's
problematic
the winds are pretty lights really the
issue with flying where whether it's in
certain is visibility so if the clouds
were low if there were fog if visibility
or low cloud ceilings were an issue that
we would be flying but this is pretty
great actually the ceilings are
certainly high enough and a little light
rain is not a problem for the helicopter
now last time we did this
somebody noted and it was a great
observation that by oh they're a CHP
officer so the question is what the chp
doing right now with the freeways so
wide open because people are driving
very very quickly let's see what my
ground speed is see like a match it to
that's stepping in my mouth no idea what
that was okay let's try and match the
ground speed of the traffic and see how
fast we're going
yeah something like this I'm doing 85
miles an hour right now and I'm not
about gaining on that red car up there
okay while we're cruising along here I'm
going to address a couple of questions
that popped up so in my previous video
the comments were really encouraging and
a lot of nice thumbs up so thank you
everybody for watching a couple of quick
questions or people who had concerns
about that video number one when I came
from my house to the airport I
interacted with literally no one there's
a touchless keypad a little a key access
point for a gate sorry don't have to
physically touch anything and then the
last time somebody touched the
helicopter that wasn't me was the fuel
guy and that was literally two weeks ago
so if there's any concerns about the
safety of me being out I would have been
interacted with through people than you
did last time you bought corn dogs and
then one other concern somebody had
mentioned that there is you know maybe
I'm a team maybe I'm putting a strain on
air traffic control and what's
interesting is that a enter traffic
controller from LAX reached out to me on
social media I was like oh hey I saw
that video of yours and it was a it was
really great and I asked him like like
hey honest opinion is this a bad time
am i putting an undue birth on air
traffic control right now he's like no
we have so fewer flights versus a normal
normal time that it's literally no bird
I think he said there were thousands on
that day that I flew past LAX been the
previous year on that previous on the
same day kind of amazing
I should have mentioned earlier basic
we're gonna find a flight roughly the
same course I did last time so we can
track what the video looks like this
time versus last one see if there's any
significant changes I'm curious to see
what the beaches look like that's lax
because there were a lot of surfers out
in about last time and you could see
people total distancing I'm wondering if
there's going to be just less people
this time
torched our helicopter Niner 285 at the
Porsche experience request West
transition to King Harbor
a couple minor 285 points our towards
all the bitter student in NATO for
transition to proof she got around for
transition packets good back cool okay
so in the comments there were a few
people that said hey you shouldn't be
flying we're within 500 feet that's what
the FAA says is the minimum altitude for
aircraft and that's true for except for
helicopters and I'm flying a helicopter
so if you look at the DFARS that the
rules that guide what people can and
can't do in their aircraft there's a
clear exception for helicopters and
what's interesting is that it just a
little bit here I'm gonna go into la X's
airspace and when I do I'm going to make
requests do transition along their
shoreline at 150 feet or below and when
I call them listen to what they say
because what they'll tell me is unless
there's some reason I can't go into
their airspace they'll say that that is
okay I'm allowed to enter the bravo
airspace and 150 feet below and it would
be super weird if the highly trained
people at air traffic control at LAX let
me fly at 150 feet if that was super
illegal so I think there's maybe
confusion about how rules work for
helicopters but it's just really good to
be clear that I'm not going to like put
out a video where I'm doing super
illegal things in my helicopter cuz
that'd be stupid if you're curious at
all about the helicopter I'm flying it's
an instrument to ATC I did a whole video
walking around my helicopter talking
about what it is and the things that
unique to it one of the things that is a
little bit interesting is that the pilot
sits on the left side every time I post
a video there's inevitably somebody
who's like why are you flying from the
wrong side of the helicopter I'm not
flying for the wrong side of the
helicopter this is the intended islet in
command position if so we'd have a three
seat bench here because the collective
control is always on the pilots left so
collective on the left pilot on the left
two people can sit over here but if you
want to add two more about the
helicopter if you're curious about it
there's a whole review
and I'll put a link in the description
to a fiber course right turn at
Shoreline a couple 935 rider in
frequency change approved advocate
today 550 catalina off to the south
they're pretty great visibility all the
way out towards Malibu I'm pointing out
things did you can treeless you have the
camera maybe that's a bad hosting all
right
turn it right oh yeah somebody in the
comics for the past video but previous
video a did a couple weeks ago said why
is this guy out spreading corona virus
from the sky or something along those
lines to which I should clarify that is
impossible
I could not be further separated there's
literally no way even if I were really
infected I could spread it down to the
people below me so coming up here as a
personal manhattan beach pier I'm gonna
make a call to LAX Helle and that's the
frequency that people talk to LAX power
on if they're on a helical type in 2546
lho and win one eight zero for running
to five left circle and excuse me while
I call lax last Angela's heli I look
after banner to a5 manhattan beach pier
request Northshore line transition 150
feeder below okay over 9x 285 la
helicopters lel for their you
niner-niner
four o'clock zero two four three squad
zero two four three nine two three five
helicopter qa5 through the property of
the shoreline repoint steer to the
robber ninety-five
police say female helicopters le
altimeter t9 or nine or four clear to
enter Bravo HB for your area one
zero two five zero okay so what do you
know notice how I have for the
transition at 150 feet or below and then
they said that was cool there's any
concern about the altitude I'm flying
take it up with the traffic controllers
at Los Angeles International Airport I'm
gonna pick it down to 150 feet and first
observation the beaches are empty no
surfers or anything Wow yes my standard
Wow every time I see something that's
slightly interesting well yeah there's a
single lifeguard stop to the right side
of the nose if you haven't seen the
previous video one of the things that
popped up was birds birds are a bit of a
problem flying that along this shoreline
transition they will pop up and that
they're hard to see usually they're
spart enough to get out of the way but
keeping an eye out for them and there's
somebody else who I mentioned that
drones considering how low I'm flying
that drones might be an issue and the
thing is this is bravo airspace those
drones are prohibited here you're not
allowed to fly a drone here so if there
were to be an interaction between my
helicopter and a drone need to be the
drone pilots fault nonetheless I'm not
eager to avoid that so bird
there was a a seagull they can go pretty
aggressive flying tours but usually
they're smart enough to get out of the
way so probably would have been okay but
I just prefer distance you don't want
important parts of a helicopter hitting
a bird the last time I marveled at the
complete absence of travel about the
complete but the mere absence of traffic
by usual Friday standards in LA this
time I'm marveling at the lack of
humanity out here there's really truly
nobody I know that that the authorities
are cracking down on people I think
stand-up paddleboarding and surfing and
that kind of stuff out here so I guess I
guess that's working there's like
there's like nobody
good accent Abacha territory for an
adequate back ah 8% I found the one
person on the beach Wow got a sack and
they're walking around oh man he's gonna
get in trouble
family having a
my radio something awesome especial one
I have this low it's very very hard to
get good signal so that's one of the
channels okay what do we got here but
near LAX very few people thought as we
hop on the other side here towards
Marina del Rey
we have people I wonder why that is if
you know why there are people near
Marina del Rey come out of work Santa
Monica tell us over comments alright
there's like a lot of people over here
flopping over to Santa Monica Santa
Monica our helicopter 90 quid five we're
to go request North transition along the
shoreline pulled over nine or 285 Santa
Monica our transition approved and a lot
of help limiter - 9 or 9 or 4 2004 2005
transbrake
so that was a very dicey moment there
while listening to the radio
tiny flock of birds was all around the
helicopter I wonder if that'll show up
on the camera
that was freaky and there are more
little birds all right
there are a lot of little birds flying
my direction I'm going to pickup out to
do it and hopefully get above them all
right so I'm climbing up to about 500
feet here gonna go over the Santa Monica
Pier which I would imagine is completely
abandoned again it is surprising that
the Santa Monica beaches do have some
people eyes and I see a lifeguard
doesn't seem to be shooing anybody away
so oh no sir first out just having a
moment to think about those tiny little
birds I managed to avoid that was very
scary glad you could be here to witness
that dicey
Santa Monica tower helicopter to a five
across right turn at the pier
look out her qa5 that's brutal goodbye
ferris wheel lights are still on
how about jokes happening there one of
the things that surprised me of my last
flight was that you know public transit
is still operating because people need
to get around even if that they don't
have a car just think about the
implications of taking public transit
right now though so if you do have to
take a bus to wherever you're going
please be safe I know you are wear your
mask wash your hands so this is the ten
and the ten is always very busy just
especially on a Friday it just not at
all busy right now
another seagull watching you
the last time one of the interesting
visuals was coming up here in just a
little bit I'm going to cross over to
the other side of the 405 so when you
see the four or five this is always
gridlock Oh kind of doesn't matter when
it's almost always gridlock so in fact
let's do a little a side-by-side
comparison video when we get up here
just who would it look like last time
versus this time to see if there's any
change
that's roughly at the same time right
now it's what we had six twenty ish on a
Friday at like last time it's clear
enough that I can identify specific cars
there's a better Tacoma that's followed
by what is that a scion tc no oh man
that's like a Jaguar f-type I'm a
Chester car it is a Mustang I'm so bad
at this I literally get paid to review
cars okay it's not as easy as I thought
it's hard to identify cars from my 700
feet just like last time in the
helicopter q85 traffic over the blue
well southwest bound I don't know now
that we didn't tape 1,100 we have that
traffic maintain visual separation and
agree with that thank you see the
helicopter over there great visibility
makes it easy to identify them they're
headed southeast so when he's at the
blue whale the blue whale is like the
art or the design center up here it's at
this neat building with the red green
and blue components but their aircraft
like when you're identifying your
position refer to it as the blue whale I
don't know why that if I didn't make it
up
little pomp
well I think I said it was gonna do last
time it did was go to Hollywood and
Highland just to see what's happening on
the Hollywood Walk of Fame I didn't make
it there we will we will fix that this
time so in the description for this
video just like the last video I've
included the specific locations I'm
flying over plus timecode if there is
anywhere that you think I should fly and
check out for a subsequent video if I
wind up doing another video let me know
in the comments and I'll see if I can
pass make requests and show your town
from the air no cover q85
traffic a mile north of the wheel turned
westbound type unknown altitude indicate
they undertook via car baby a truth
throw for that traffic squawk VFR
[Laughter]
there's never going crackle alright
let's go over to our it's Hollywood
here's the Roosevelt Hotel sorry I'm
overshooting slightly there's the El
Capitan all right so just beneath me
here you can see this is the Hollywood
Walk of Fame too many people walking I
do see some traffic though as it look to
you
I look at 4:25 Hollywood Highland 900
yeast
all right you're actually the birth this
way Capitol Records building we're gonna
go to quickly at the Hollywood sign
that's the 101 beneath us as mellow as
you would expect it to be and then the
first this is the Hollywood Hills where
famous rich people lived it will take a
quick gander at the Hollywood sign and
then head over towards Griffith
Observatory and then down to downtown
Los Angeles so you get a little of that
parallax effects with the mountains in
the background
look at that all right
diving down in little air speed go from
here I can see there are planes landing
at LAX but not a lot of them one of the
things I observed before I took off from
Long Beach Airport is that there was
essentially like no commercial flights
but there were a couple of cargo flights
like ups landed I think there's been a
FedEx jet or something there was one
other airplane that was doing patterns
practice aggressive flying take a look
at the Griffith Observatory which is I
believe huh I see two dudes walking
there I'm guessing they're security
level up 34 over 140
so kappa 25 Griffith Observatory stop
these two Dodgers 1500 ah there's a
rainbow out there this entire video is
just gonna be me observing things that
you can't actually see on camera sorry
about that okay well I quickly deferred
over here just a bit that see what's
happened the five
what we're doing here I'm not in any
control airspace this is just general LA
basin frequency so the helicopters self
announce here they basically just tell
the other helicopters of the general
area where they are so we can keep track
of each other when you hear me making
those little announcements saying where
I am I'm letting just the other people
who happen to be nearby know what's
going on alright so this is the five and
all right highway five for all the
people that don't live in California
well I drop down here back look up to
285 Silver Lake southeast of Dodgers
Badger Stadium obviously doesn't have
any people in it but there are a lot of
cars and one of those RVs backed up over
there which makes sense because not a
lot of people are buying cars I review
cars for a living that's dismaying
to me but a completely understandable
Wow okay that's a lot of cars
on a related note if you are in the
market to buy a car that now you can get
a very very good deal on one
okay so here's downtown okay this is the
the 110 and the 101 interchange you see
a skein of activity and then just pull
up here a little bit
take a moment you would drink it the
beauty of downtown
I look after 285 110 101 and Shane's
right orbit around downtown 1,300 okay
so you can see there there are buses
still movement downtown and that's
pretty much the extent of the traffic
everybody who skipped the earlier part
of the video I will again note that the
FAA minimums for distance from people
and not a property are different for
helicopters you're allowed to operate
closer than FAA minimums as long as you
do not present any act as or the people
are property on the ground so if you're
about to leave the comments telling me
I'm an idiot and I'm dangerous please
just go read the essay ours have
approved the exceptions for helicopters
look after 25 stable center-right worker
in downtown Los Angeles 1,400 dip this
way a little bit and that it a good few
of the 110 once again unsurprisingly Los
Angeles looks different
all right let's go have fun with 101
over to the five I've lived here for
years so I can't turn off that
Californian style talk about freeways
well I think you've covered our bases we
flew around LA a little bit more of Long
Beach you have any questions about the
flight or if you have any suggestions
for the next flight go ahead and leave
in the comments section
I also review cars want to see a car
review go with much one of those too and
if you're curious if you want to have a
more direct conversation you can reach
out to me on Instagram it's just my name
my kinesio over on Instagram the rains
have started again ok I'm going to fly
back to Long Beach you guys be safe ok
[Music]
[Applause]